Features:
-generate users with API call to 'randomusers'
-the ability to specify what you what generated by gender, nationality, and how many
-"pagination" of generated users
-modal popup of user selected via click in users list
-Error Handling

Notes:
Considering I wasn't sure when the submission window for this challenge closes, and there was a mention in the job description of a positive
stance towards AI/ML expertise usage (i.e. " Differentiators: Expertise leveraging AI/ML technologies for advanced text search, natural language processing, and data retrieval."), I did consult an LLM on some of my building logic. That allowed me to complete
more of my envisioned functionality in less time, so I could provide a more complete solution in this time crunch. However, if you would like a submission devoid of assistance of LLM or any particular packages I used (e.g., MaterialUI), do let me know and I'll provide a different submission.

Considerations:
-after clicking "load more", the screen scrolls to the top. It's a very obvious rerender moment. I would like to fix that.
-Not using MaterialUI. They generally don't work well with CDNs. css offloaded into a separate css file can eventually be handled by CDNs and other external services, reducing the bundle size and what javascript needs to handle loading at runtime. Maybe use Tailwind instead if that's a real concern. Used MaterialUI for this challenge to quickly produce a stylistic UI with less guessing on dimensions, spacing, and layout formula-ing.
-Despite 'randomuser' only generating data that can have 1 of 2 genders, maybe provide a few more to give the app a more inclusive feeling(despite search results).
-Add a Debouncer, or disable submit button to prevent the rapid requesting of API
-The random generator is pretty interesting in how it functions. I didn't implement functionality to make sure you can work with the original data set you pull when you're just messing with the filters. Probably requires some logical strategy in handling the "seed" parameter
-If user somehow provokes errors with their input to form fields, have the particular for fields that are erroring out be bordered with the color 'red'.
It's usually understand as an indication that there is something wrong with that particular field that needs to be addressed by user to submit form.
-Disabling "Load More" button and giving visual feedback to user to indicate the state
-Testing(Unit, Component, End-To-End, etc)
-Add Logging
